# tftp-server

This is the Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP) server package
created by Tao Zhao and Anil Balasubramanya Murthy (Team 20)
for the second network programming assignment of TAMU ECEN 602 in 2016 fall.

## Build & Installation

We use the standard Makefile for building the project. Open up a terminal
window, change into the (decompressed) project directory, and execute

    make

This will build the TFTP server application. Standard
build tool chain (such as the GCC suite) is required to build the package.

To clean up the auxiliary files generated by the building process, issue

    make cleanobj

If you want to remove executable files (`server`) in addition
to the auxiliary files, use

    make clean

You can use the server application directly from the project directly.
Installation is not required.

## Usage

On the server side, issue

    ./server server_ip server_port directory

You can use a standard TFTP client to connect the server. For example,

    tftp -m mode server_ip server_port -c get filename

Multiple clients can connect to the same server. Make sure you specify the
server IP address and port number consistently. We recommend a high port
number (like 50000) for unprivileged users.

Make sure the server side directory contains the requested files, and
they are readable to everyone (`o+r`).

Use `Ctrl+C` to terminate either the server or the client.

## Test Case

There is a test case in `test_multiple_clients.sh`, which tests our
server with two clients on the same local machine. Run the test by

    make test

## Errata

- Writing files from the client to the server is not implemented.
- File size is limited to 32 MB at maximum.
